documentation: PostgresChatMessageHistory (#20)
averikitsch/langchainjs: docs/core_docs/docs/integrations/platforms/google.mdx

const tools = [new GoogleCustomSearch({})];
// Pass this variable into your agent.
```

## Chat history

### Postgres Chat Message History

> The [Postgres Chat Message History](docs/integrations/memory/google_cloudsql_pg.mdx) from the
> @langchain/google-cloud-sql-pg provides a way to use the CloudSQL for PostgresSQL  messages and 
> provide conversation history for Postgres using the class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [PostgresChatMessageHistory](docs/integrations/memory/google_cloudsql_pg) from
`@langchain/google-cloud-sql-pg` provides a way to use the CloudSQL for PostgresSQL to store messages and provide conversation history.
```
